Are you all right?
I found some medicine to help you apply it
Husband, you
Someone enters
Who dares to enter
Who has experienced it?
Ji, let me tell you
You are my thing, you understand?
Can scold you
Can hit you
I don't want you.
No one can take you away
bird
You don't like me at all
It's just elegant
Why leave me an eyesore?
What do you know?
Music, rhythm, calligraphy and painting are the foundation of my country
What do you know about music, calligraphy and painting in Raksha Kingdom?
Just imitating cats and tigers
Every year from another country
Catch some so-called pillars of the Rakshasa Kingdom
Don't you think there's a problem? You close it for me.
My Raksha Kingdom has been like this for thousands of years
How can I allow you to be wise?
Why are you still here?
The mana will be gone soon
It's very serious if you don't go
How are you Sophie?
Are you
pee
Stop moving and take a deep breath
one
two
relax
Ah, it fell out, it fell out